# VSCSW-Presentation-Process
Attempt at creating a multi-step, multi-form process for the creation of a new educational presentation through registration and on to certificate printing and evaluations
//Description of the full process

//This is the overall process. There are lots of underlying steps and everything builds off of the step before. The short version is a form collects information about an upcoming presentation from the presenter and saves that data in a copy of a template of a //"Master Spreadsheet" (it has lots of sheets stored within it with information that carries through, and some that is updated as the process runs). 
//The script should then copy the newly entered information to a Yearly Presentation Sheet and add it to the last row of the sheet labeled for the year of the presentation. (we are now finished with the Yearly Presentation Sheet, it just stores the top information)
//The script on the Master Spreadsheet (or the copy) then reformats the date of the presentation from mm/dd/yyyy to EEEE, mmm dd, yyyy format and adds it to a new column in the current sheet. A Registration date is also calculated by subtracting 3 days from the //Presentation Date and that date is also formatted and both values saved to new columns in the sheet.
//The data is then attached to variables that are used to autofill a number of documents (a Save the Date, a Presentation Announcement, a Blank Certificate, a Zoom announcement, a Registration Link, and several that are just titles or the full description of the //presentation). Each of the autofilled documents is then saved and the fileIDs are recorded on a sheet labeled Important URLs (which just collects file and folder IDs to make it easier to find the correct files as we go through this process).
//The Text Data that has been filled into the Title and Description documents is then used to alter the Titles and Descriptions of 4 form templates. These already have the questions in them, they just need appropriate Titles and Descriptions which will change for //each presentation. Currently, this has been done by copying the text from the filled documents onto a sheet in the spreadsheet and then copying each cell value to the appropriate place and appropriate form. The newly titled forms are then saved and the URLs for //both the editable and publishable forms is then recorded on the "Important URLs" sheet.
//Each of those forms should collect data in the "Master Spreadsheet" on individual sheets. 
//The URL for the publishable link (preferably shortened) will then be assigned a variable and will autofill on the Registration Link Doc that was filled and saved earlier (it might go on other docs, but I can't remember right now). The shortened publishable link, //and copies of the Registration Link Doc and Save the Date are then sent by email to a specific address (or two).
//If possible, the script then creates a Zoom meeting for the appropriate date and time, and saves the invitation information to the Master Spreadsheet. Both are then assigned to a variable and used to fill the Zoom Link Doc, which is then sent via email to a //specific person.
//Also if possible, a QR code is then created for the publishable link to the Attendance Sheet. The image is then saved to the Master Spreadsheet, and sent via email to a specific person (or two).
//From the Registration Information collected from the Form, an Attendance sheet is created that sorts by Last name, with each new submission.
//On the day of the presentation, people will fill out the Attendance Form by clicking the QR code. This will collect email, First Name and Last Name. The Responses sheet for this will then compare the email addresses with those on the Attendance Sheet. If there is //a match, a Y will be added to the column for Attended for that person. A Presentation Span will be calculated by adding the length of the presentation to the Time of the presentation. The Timestamp of the Attendance Response should be compared to the Presentation //Span and if it is AFTER then a link to the publishable Post Test Form is sent. Otherwise a link to the Publishable Evaluation Form is sent to the email of the attendee.
//If the Post Test receives a passing grade, then it records as passed and a link to the publishable Evaluation Form is sent. 
//The Blank certificates are then autofilled with the Names of the attendees and sent via email as a PDF attachment. The autofilled versions are saved in a Certificates Folder and the file ID saved to the attendance sheet on the Master Sheet.
//There may be another step or two in there IF I can figure out how to receive payment online.
